Replace Accueil_scribe.png cover image with Wikisource logo (#522)
wikimedia/ws-export: README.md

as an optimized form of the logo
found at [commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wikisource-logo.svg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wikisource-logo.svg)
and subject to the licence restrictions specified on that page.

> The PNG version in `resources/Wikisource-logo.svg.png` is based on the same SVG file.

Reviewer: Is it a straight export, or are there any modifications? Either way, that should be made clear here.

Author: It's a straight export from Commons. I've added a link and some more info to the readme.

as an optimized form of the logo
found at [commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wikisource-logo.svg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wikisource-logo.svg)
and subject to the licence restrictions specified on that page.

The PNG version in `resources/Wikisource-logo.svg.png`

> is [the Commons derivative](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Wikisource-logo.svg/160px-Wikisource-logo.svg.png)

Reviewer: The word "derivative" here suggests visual modifications. How about something like this?

```suggestion
is [the Commons auto-generated 160px raster version](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Wikisource-logo.svg/160px-Wikisource-logo.svg.png)
```

Author: Sounds good! I'm not sure I get the same idea from 'derivative', but your wording is certainly clearer.
